well howdy there Internet big let's bow
down says watching the president today
and he he laid some stuff out there
dropped some truth bombs on us let us
know what was really going on you know
because that you have all these
economists from all over the world
talking about how bad the economy is
going to get talking about a global
recession and he told us that wasn't
true he told us the truth he said that
the economy is doing great and that we
shouldn't worry and that those
economists they're just not telling the
truth and he used the term their fake
news that's right
economists are just like journalists now
they're fake news that can't be trusted
we need to remember that from now on
because economists are known for not
telling the truth because they're not
invested in the economy at all they have
no benefit whatsoever if it stays
healthy they want to see the global
economy crash that's what he said
because their fake news their fake news
like journalists and climatologist and
historians and doctors and immigration
experts and meteorologists and
biologists and farmers and manufacturers
and the textual reps and the retail reps
his own generals judges and photographs
all of them are fake news none of that
stuff is true ignore them and really
they're just all out to get him they're
all out to get him because they know
he's the one who can make America great
again and we have to just support our
president President of the United States
isn't gonna lie to us presidents don't
lie politicians don't lie that's crazy
talk there's no way that's true it's all
these other people they're all lined
here how crazy this sounds do you I mean
seriously this is this is approaching
mental illness levels the entire world
anytime a field of experts comes forward
and says the president is making a
mistake he comes out and says their wine
and his base nods their head yes yes
they're lying of course they're lying
because there's no way I could have made
a mistake in voting for this clown
that's what he's counting on what you
need to do if you still support this man
is you need to go back and look at all
the people he called fake news in the
beginning look at them look at their
predictions see what happened they all
came true he doesn't know what he's
talking about he's bumbling through it
and what he's counting on is you
continuing to support him through all of
this so he can get reelected and that is
when he's really gonna rob you blind
there is no giant scheme and group of
people out to get the President of the
United States he's not that important
he's not that effective all he's done is
make bad situations worse that's it
that's probably he's done there's no
group out to undermine him because he's
gonna fix the country go back through
his campaign promises as he kept any of
them he's gonna drain the swamp his
cabinet is full of lobbyists he didn't
train them he promoted them of course
not why would you believe that he would
the Trust Fund baby billionaire is not
your friend all he did was cut out the
middleman
he's admitted that he used to give
politicians money so he as a businessman
cut them out and now he can make the
policies that benefit him and his
friends are you friends with any
billionaires you're not the policies
that are going to benefit them are gonna
hurt you anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night